





      TRICHY ENGINEERING COLLEGE

                                         (A Unit of SS Group of Institutions)

                  Approved by AICTE & Affiliated to Anna University, Chennai

                                                         Accredited with NAAC

                                            An ISO 9001:2015 Certified Institution

               Sivagnanam Nagar, Trichy-Chennai NH, Konalai, Trichy - 621 105. 







                               INCEPTRA-2K26                        

GENERAL RULES



Each participant should carry identity card.

Spot registration is not permitted.

Punctuality will be appreciated.

Please do not carry sharp objects; inflammable objects or any other that might be potentially dangerous.

Please do not carry/consume any intoxicant, liquor, any narcotics drugs, cigarettes or additives or any sort smoking in strictly prohibited within the campus.

Students should refrain from abusive revealing costumes during the competitions, failing which they will be disqualified.

Participants should go through the event rules and adhere to the specifies.

Any form of vulgarity or obscenity is strictly prohibited and any such behaviors on or offstage will call for immediate disqualification of the team.

Participants must maintain decorum inside the campus. Any misbehavior will be dealt with severely.



1. DANZERA (GROUP DANCE):

Any dance form is accepted.

Minimum 6 to maximum 8 participants.

Vulgarity of any kind with respect to dance moves, costumes etc, will lead to disqualification.

Time allocated to 5 minute.

No use of fire onstage.

The dance should not end with a negative emotion.

Can use decent film songs.

Only one minute will be provided for setup.

The sound track should be handling over in mp3 format in a pen drive or a CD, in person before the event begins. Soundtracks brought on mobile phones should not be permitted.

Each participant must carry their college ID for verification purpose.

Failure to adhere to the rules will lead disqualification.

The decision made by judges shall be final & binding.









 

2. SIZZLE AND SHAKE (SOLODANCE):

Any dance form is accepted.

Vulgarity of any kind with respect to dance moves, costumes etc, will lead to disqualification.

Time allocated to 5 minute.

No use of fire onstage.

The dance should not end with a negative emotion.

Can use decent film songs.

Only one minute will be provided for setup.

The sound track should be handling over in mp3 format in a pen drive or a CD, in person before the event begins. Soundtracks brought on mobile phones should not be permitted.

Each participant must carry their college ID for verification purpose.

Failure to adhere to the rules will lead disqualification.

The decision made by judges shall be final & binding.



3. VOICE VIBES  (SINGING):

Each participant can sing for a maximum of 3 minutes.

Only Karaoke based singing is allowed.

Exceeding this time limit would lead to negative marking. An extra minute will be given for the participant to setup.

For this round participants may sing any mainstream bolly wood songs or any songs that might be semi-classical, classical, folk composition performing an original composition will fetch bonus points.

Participants in singing can be either solo or group performances.



4. RHYTHM STRINGS (INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)

        1. This is a solo instrumental performance.

        2. Only instrumental music is allowed (no vocals).

        3. Time limit: 3–5 minutes (including setup).

        4. Participants must bring their own instruments.

        5. Pre-recorded backing tracks are not allowed

        6. Karaoke or vocal assistance is not permitted.

        7. Judges’ decision will be final and binding.



5. SILENT SYMPHONY (MIME):

7 minutes per team. Negative points for exceeding the time limit.

One team per college with minimum 5 to maximum 8 students.

Their music should only contain instrumental & no lyrics.

The act should not contain any dialogue or lip sync.

Obscenity will lead to disqualification.

The content should not be political, A symbol of religion, flag, materials& explanation of theme through captions, body painting or background voice should be avoided







No offensive, vulgar or obscene language is permissible.

The participants will be judged on the following criteria:

Content

Impact

Judges decision will be final.



6. FASHION FIESTA (FASHION PARADE):

The theme for the event will be Indian Traditional wear-state wise.

It is team event. A team can have 6-12 members.

Time limit -8 minutes.

Vulgarity is strongly prohibited. Any term of obscenity will lead to debarring the team from the contest.

Should carry their tracks in pen drive and should be submitted in advance.

Negative marking if participants exceed time limit.

Teams will be judged based on costumes, theme, walking stance, attitude and tagline.



7. MIMIX (MIMICRY):

Individual event.

Time allotted 3 minutes.

No use of abusive languages/foul language is permitted.

No inappropriate comments should be made that could hurt a community sentiments pertaining to their religious beliefs, race, sex, culture or heritage during the gig.

Participants may mimic sound of machine and speeches of well-known persons including film personalities.



8. CINEBUZZ (SHORT FILM):

Individual event.

Time – 5 to 10 minutes.

Try your best to give your short movie a professional look.

It should be in mp4 format and should be shot using DSLR Camera only.

Judges decision should be in final.



For event and registrations related queries contact:

M.Rajalakshimi AP/ECE,

Cultural coordinator,

Trichy engineering college

86820 53074

